# Transcription for Video 7532252504092871991
Title: should i do more brain dumps? #politics #twitch #streaming #maga #lef...
Timestamp: 2025-10-22T17:53:10.660581
==================================================

Maybe I'm online too much, but I think there's this paradox that I find really interesting  in regards to Twitch streamers and online personalities, where I see clips of people  saying the most mundane and bare minimum level takes, and people, you know, sort of  like highlighting it and embellishing it and glorifying it, like, XQC says thank you  to a waiter.  It's just like 500,000 likes, and a bunch of people being like, wow, he's so nice.  What a good role model.  And I find that really strange.  I find it really strange that, you know, there's this like push and pull between somebody can't  be popular unless they're normal and complacent and like entertaining enough.  But then we like to pretend like we actually care about their moral standards and that  we quote unquote made the right person famous.  Like there are amazing people in this world.  And I'm not saying that all amazing people should become famous, but it baffles me that  people actually like to like, there's like some system of thought where people want to  pretend like these are role models that they're, you know, it's like they're justifying why  this is more than entertainment and why their parasocial relationship is just by, you  know, defending the morality of whoever they watch.  But I think this ties a little bit into like Trump and his cultism and just like parasociality  in the modern age.  Like people get attached to this one sided image of what a person is and they actually  derive self worth from that one way relationship.  And so they will, they're invested in the idea of that other person that they have  this parasocial relationship with being good, being moral, being just, being kind, being  smart, whatever, even if it's not like a quality of them, because by association, they are  like better or good or smart just by their preference for that person.  And I find it just just really, really fascinating because it's almost like this hijacking  of the ego.  People actually start to lose their sense of self and on an extreme level, so like obviously  the Twitch level is much less extreme than MAGA, but on the extreme level with MAGA,  it becomes their entire personality.  They just like totally forget themselves.  And there's like this deification that they worship, which makes them in turn feel  good.  And actually, I think this is why MAGA and modern bastardized Christianity are related,  because I think that Christianity has stopped being a religion in America in many different  ways and has become a cult in this sense where people are creating this picture or image  of God and then they are inherently good via their relationship, this parasocial  relationship that they invest time and energy into propping up.  It's a very, very, very interesting phenomenon.  And I think that people naturally do it in normal social relationships, but the danger  is that in parasocial versus social relationships is that people are human.  So in the social relationship, you get all sorts of evidence that people aren't how  they actually say they are.  You get all sorts of these niche problems and people reveal their flaws and their  true colors and whatever else, but online there's no opportunity for that.  So you can stay connected to that image far longer.  And then I also think that this sort of parasocial development or attachment like actually separates  people from being able to form a real social bonds in the same way that corn separates people  from having the ability to engage in real intimacy, because what ends up happening  is people develop this perfect image of a person, the social parasocial relationship,  and then they base all of their social relationships on this parasocial relationship where it's like,  well, you know, this person has this perfect image and is great in this way and great  in that way.  And they sort of have this distaste for anything that feels too human or too real  outside of that parasocial relationship, and they'll actually sabotage their social  relationships in order to maintain that parasocial relationship, which also goes  back to the cultism of MAGA is that isolation factor.  Never really asks people to isolate themselves or divide themselves.  They just do it naturally because he is just propping himself up constantly and saying  anything that says anything bad about me is just a lie.  It's just fake news, it's fake information or whatever.  And and then also, I have got so much to say about this, then you have shit  like Trump derangement syndrome, where now it's almost like because these people  are so locked in with this other persona and are demolishing their social relationships  to maintain this parasocial one, it's everybody else's crazy but me.  Like there's this Trump derangement syndrome where it's like, how can you not see this  perfect and all good and amazing image that I have propped up?  Like you're crazy for that.  It's this projection of insanity onto other people, which I also see the  conservative party do a lot, right?  Like everybody else's pedophiles and everybody else is stealing welfare  and everybody else is doing this and that.  Like the things that they're actually responsible for are the things  that they accuse everybody else of doing, which is I think also linked to this  parasociality because when you replace your identity with somebody else's  identity, there's nowhere else for you to go in terms of like developing  a worldview other than pushing other people away.  Like you either have to let go completely of this identity that you've invested  time and effort into, or you have to just dig yourself deeper and deeper  and isolate yourself further and further and any sort of attack that's  levied against you or piece of evidence that's levied against you,  you just throw it back and then you just move the goalpost.  Pedophiles are so bad until apparently we don't care about the Epstein files  and they just move.  Whatever you accuse them of, they say, well, you do that too.  And anyways, I think it's a very interesting result of the internet  and loneliness and a lack of community.  And I think it just goes to show how important natural social connection  is to maintaining a functioning and sane society with good politics,  with good policy, with good morals and in standard of living.  Like we cannot ignore that politics ultimately is like this emergent thing  that comes out of our personal social lives and our relationships, right?  I think the main reason that America sucks right now politically  is not just because of money.  Obviously that is like maybe the biggest issue or one of the biggest issues.  But also just because of the the geology or not geology,  geography of our country and the lack of community within it.  Like conservatives are just people that live in rural areas.  That's that's full stop. That's completely it.  They just don't have access to other people.  They don't maintain good social connections.  There's not a variety of social connections, all sorts of clicks  and toxic environments form and these, you know, like  maladapted, like low population  situations, situations, towns, whatever,  versus like everything sort of becomes homogenized and much more free  and a high density area like in a city.  And I think that really just develops  like everything that we see is from that.  Like you can blame it on propaganda  and you can blame it on all these different things.  Fox News definitely played a role and the television plays a role.  But ultimately, like I think people just don't have social connection.  And in order to stay sane,  they developed these really dangerous parasocial connections  which end up becoming like these deities of politics that they worship.  And they based their entire world view around this external identity.  Yeah, it's just like this different breed of insanity.  Anyways, the total brain dump, but I hope you enjoyed the video.  I love you all.