# Transcription for Video 7562732104442858765
Title: TikTok video #7562732104442858765
Timestamp: 2025-10-23T16:54:55.436363
==================================================

Okay, hi. Any perceived darkness that you feel is within you is not real.  Any perceived bad parts of you are not real.  The perceived bad parts of other people.  Those aren't real either. It's not real.  The shadow is not real.  Light is the only thing that's real.  Love is the only thing that's real.  Light, you're awareness and love.  Your beingness is the only thing the only thing about this experience that is ultimately real.  Do you feel this?  It's not something you think about. It's something you feel.  This is something that you feel.  And if you're seeing this video and you haven't scrolled yet,  even if you feel resistance to this,  it only found you because you're ready here.  There are no bad people.  Nobody has done anything wrong.  People have acted from distortion from their own lack of awareness.  Their own lack of awareness of the light, awareness of the love within.  But they have not done a new thing wrong.  They exist to show you what happens when you choose not to be aware of your own light and your own love.  When you choose to divide yourself up into parts that are acceptable in parts that are not.  And when you label parts of you as bad or behaviors as bad or emotions as bad or thoughts or beliefs as bad,  you are rejecting you.  So that is going to be painful.  And it is going to prolong the process of individuation,  which is just self mastery,  loving the self because the self is all.  You are here to remember that you are part of the all.  The whole, the one remembering itself through you.  And it gets to be really easy when you just relax into the truth that you have done nothing wrong.  There are no bad parts of you.  There may be density in your body.  There may be thoughts that you are not worthy or thoughts that you have something to heal or work on  or thoughts that you are bad.  They are not true.  They are not real.  This experience you are in right now.  This moment right now is the only thing that is real.  Feel this moment right now.  Feel what it feels like to be present in this moment.  That is what is real.  That is reality.  Everything else is made up.  All the ideas about what makes a person good are made up.  They are made up.  That is what divides.  That is what prohibits you from experiencing your innate natural goodness.  The whole fine of this human experiment is that you get to play with dark and light or with binaries with contrast.  But you are beyond it.  You are beyond it.  Playing with it.  Because it would be boring to just exist just the form of consciousness all the time.  That is all this really is.  You are just here playing a game.  And if this video found you and you are still listening to it.  It is now 4 minutes.  I am talking about some crazy stuff.  If you are still listening to this it must be for a reason.  This is reminding you that you are the source of love.  There is nothing you have ever done wrong.  You get full autonomy now.  You get full choice in what you choose to engage in.  What you choose to believe what you choose to participate in in your life.  Your action your will.  This doesn't mean that you control yourself or choose your thoughts or choose your feelings.  Thoughts and feelings will arise no matter what.  You just get to choose whether or not to engage with them.  They are not ultimately you.  They are just happening.  It is like projections on a screen.  You are not the projection you are the screen.  So you don't have to engage with the projection.  You don't have to engage with the thought or emotion.  You are just the experienceer and the observer of them.  You just meet them with love.  Just meet them with love and then choose from love.  You are will, your action, your physical action.  Create your experience.  Expans your experience.  It would be pretty boring if you were just here present being all the time.  Wouldn't it not?  You are here to be more.  You are here to be the awakened human living this life fully for you.  Heaven on earth is realized within you.  Heaven is ultimate bliss.  Is the ultimate adventure.  Is complete peace and serenity and joy.  And fun.  You are here to have a good time, laugh a little bit at all of this if nothing else.  You deserve it.  Any ways that you are rejecting yourself right now.  They become clear when you look outside of you and notice what you reject outside of you.  Any ways that you are denying your own love, your own light.  You will see clearly in the ways that you deny other humans, love and light.  And that is not a call out.  It is information.  It is signal for you to use.  And to be aware of.  Because you are here for so much more than shrinking yourself.  And denying yourself and your worth and your value.  So if you are still listening to this.  You are loved.  There is no way you ever won't be loved.  You can make it hard for yourself to experience that.  If you don't love you.  But if you are loving you, you are going to feel the love outside of you.  Really easily I promise.  And if you are seeing this video, it is a sign that you are loving you.  And that the more that you love you, the more you experience things like this reminding you of how loved you are.  And that is all a lot of words to explain that you are doing everything perfectly.  And you are magical.  And you are a magnet for everything.  That is good for you, but your mind doesn't know what is good for you.  You feel what is good for you.  So do what feels good.  And you experience more fat.  You are the key.  No one outside of you is the key.  You are the key.  I love you.