# Transcription for Video 7563283786532703502
Title: TikTok video #7563283786532703502
Timestamp: 2025-10-23T16:54:33.845475
==================================================

Hi, okay. Before I make this, it's something I want to talk to you. Before I make this,  the quick note, I know that like my past three videos, I've been wearing the same thing.  These are my pajamas, okay? So anyways, I'm being told right now that I need to talk about choices.  So choices and patterns. So we are going to talk about that.  And the most important thing to remember, to understand first, is that the ground of your entire human life is experience.  It is not thought. It is not emotion. It is not any of that. It is experience. Your senses.  Your senses are how you are experiencing this video right now, are they not? Your senses are how you're hearing this.  It's going through, this is your, called, your penna. I think if I remember remembering from my neuroscience class, this is not necessary to talk about.  But I'm just, you, you're, this is all scientific. You're, you're experiencing this through your senses.  And humans complicate life because they try to create in their mind a way to logic through a sensory world.  And the truth is that the world, the universe is awake, it is alive, it is aware, it is conscious, it is love, like you.  And love doesn't run on logic. Love, the universe, the natural, the natural order of things does not run on logic.  It is a unified field that is self correcting, it runs, it runs programs, but those programs are not logical. The actual structure, the actual fabric of reality itself is not logical.  None of this is actually happening, and it is happening at the same time.  Because you are the observer and you are the experienceer. You are the formless and you are the form. You are the awareness and you are the human.  You are not thought. You are not logic. You are not a program. You witness the program running in your life.  Like something happening in the background. And when you bring it to your awareness, it is no longer in the background, you can look at it and then choose from a different place.  So your belief sees us to matter. You are a belief, so your subconscious mind, everything that people tell you is so important to rewire will naturally rewire when you make new choices.  When you make choices from love, rather than conditioning, when you make choices from love, rather from the program, when you make choices from love, rather than what your mind tells you is important.  I am doing this right now. You need to drop what is not love in your life. If anything feels bad, if anything feels like it is not good for you, just drop it.  This is not a logical universe. This is a universe that is intelligent. This is a universe that is alive through you.  So anything you choose that then creates your suffering, that is just reflecting your power to you.  It is reflecting your innate power because you made that choice from a place of a lack of awareness.  And there is no fault or blame wrapped up in this. There is no karma, really, once you are aware of something, then you can choose differently.  Your brain, your mind, yes, is running programs. It is running beliefs.  But when you can perceive beyond those beliefs, when you can see the light beyond those beliefs, beyond that fear, beyond that falsehood, then you can start making choices from a natural place  because we are in a natural world. We are in a natural environment nature is inherently good.  It runs on love, everything here runs on love, love is the source.  And if you are watching this still listening to it, you know that. You feel it. Your mind might say that it is made up, but you feel it.  You sense it because this is about your senses. When you trust your senses, you're trusting your actual experience over your logical mind, and your actual experience is what is aligned with the natural flow of life.  So when something feels bad for you, all that is is a signal. It is a very clear loud signal that your actual experience is going to be so much better when you let go of the thing that feels bad.  Because then you enter alignment. Alignment is now. Alignment is just you being you. That's all alignment is it is just you being authentic and genuine.  And if something doesn't feel good, then it is time for you to be authentic and genuine and let go. Reality is about being real. You will never touch reality as it is.  Will never touch reality as the heaven that it is. If you are not being real. If you are not being the real you, your authenticity is the highest currency you have on this planet.  Uncertainty is always here. It's always here. You will never be certain of anything. You won't be certain that you'll get up tomorrow morning. What would you do differently in your life if that was something that was in your awareness all the time.  Would you have more gratitude? Would you have more love for your life? Would you have more love for yourself?  Your life is you. You are life. You are reality. So when you try to dress up in costumes and pretend and play characters and make things easier for other people, you're actually complicating it.  Other people do not need you. They never have. They never will. You do not need anyone you never have. You never will. Humans are designed for belonging and community and connection and love absolutely, but not in a way where you are dependent on each other for your own self actualization.  That is not the way this works. If you are highly empathetic, if you were a deeply feeling human, this can be a long process.  This is a process that I'm speaking of from my own experience and many, many patterns of self abandoning in relationships. It never works because it's not love.  Love is the only key.  And you're already love. You're already doing it perfectly. The only thing that's keeping you from experiencing the depth and the richness of your own love is the choices you make.  When you make choices from your logical mind, from fear, from lack, from a need to control, you are reinforcing those beliefs, you're reinforcing the programming that is keeping you in suffering.  When you make the other choices, you're you are expanding. You are living super consciously. You are living in a new way.  And this video found you because you're ready to do that. More. Full time is what I just heard. You're ready to do that full time. Okay. It's not a part time job. It's not a job actually. It's just you being you.  And if you're receiving this video, it's still resonating with me with this frequency with this energy. It is for a reason because you're ready to receive it. People that aren't ready to hear things like this shut down and freak the fuck out when they hear it.  Because a lot of people are not ready to confront their own patterns. A lot of people are not ready to confront their own conditioning.  It's just that everybody is at a different stage of awareness. And so if you're receiving this year at a level of awareness where you're ready, you're like, show me the shadow.  Let's flood the light in, let's look at all of it. And the truth is that the shadow is not real. Ultimately, you light is the only thing that's real. That's how you're receiving this video. That's how you're seeing me on the screen because of light.  Because of the light that you can perceive with your eyes.  We brought it full circle. I didn't even know that was going to happen. So you're still watching this for some reason. You're making meaning of it. You're curious.  You maybe are thinking about how you can apply some of this information in your life with choices and what you're choosing.  And I want to remind you, I'm feeling called to say that your heart is what's most important right now, nurturing your heart is what's most important.  This is not about measuring up. It's not about making the right choices so that everything goes right, everything's always going right. That's the secret, everything's always going right.  Reality is loving.  It loves you. It loves you so much. It wants nothing more than to reward you for everything that you've brought to this planet just by existing.  Your presence, your existence, that is your value.  That is your value. And anything that you add onto your existence should be something that you love doing.  Because then your presence is going to be so much brighter. And you're ready. You're ready to embody that brightness at its fullest capacity.  And so, if you're still listening to this, know that this is about your heart.  It wants you. It wants to talk to you.  Through memory, through visions, through feelings, through emotional release, through processing, through letting go of the past.  You want to talk to you. And I want you to know you're not alone. You belong here.  And you're ready to play, to play in a whole new way, where you're no longer reliant on external validation.  How ironic, right?  But this video is just pointing you back to you, because you are the ultimate key, the ultimate power source, the ultimate upgrade to your own life.  Just by being you.  Okay, I'm, oh, time. Time just came in. Oh, okay. Now we're going to talk about time.  Earlier, I mentioned reward. And reward can create an illusion of past present future.  When really everything is just the present, there's no future.  Unless you try to imagine it in your mind and then you're in your mind, you're not actually here.  Staying with the past, anything you bring to mind from the past? Well, you're making it up.  Your present is all that matters. Time is an illusion.  You experience winning your time as a human. You age physically.  But it's like, it's like gravity. It's like a natural law, but it's not actually real.  So if you're receiving this video, this is to remind you that your choices, a lot of them come from the past.  Your subconscious is running programs from the past. You can let all of that go.  Just for a couple of days, for fun, try making choices that have nothing to do, nothing to do with your past.  If you're making any choices from the past, they should be choices that make you happy, genuinely, in this now.  Not what you liked doing yesterday or a week ago or a month ago or a year ago, but what you like doing now.  It's going to get easy. It's going to get really, really, really easy when you start choosing you, magnifying your own presence in your life, magnifying your own energy.  Choosing that you're important. Choosing that you matter. That's a choice that you make.  It is a choice that you make. It is something you first recognize and then you actively choose it.  So, there is no past, there is no future, there is only now. Now that you know and remember that and feel it, it's something you feel. What do you want to choose?  What do you want to create? What do you want to engage in? Who do you want to be around?  What message do you want to give with your existence?  You deserve it. You deserve it. You are worthy of it.  Your mind might have questions and I have doubts. It doesn't matter. You still deserve it. You're still worthy of it.  Your behavior is what shows that to your brain. Your behavior is what proves that to your brain.  Okay, I hope this means that I love you.