# Transcription for Video 7564153038626196749
Title: TikTok video #7564153038626196749
Timestamp: 2025-10-23T16:53:53.685228
==================================================

Okay, I don't know exactly what's going to come through in this video. If you hear water in the background, it's because I'm literally about to get a shower and I've had it right now, but I wanted to report this because I really felt called.  So, I am working on a novel. This is going to be important. This is going to tie into what I'm sharing with you for you.  I'm working on a novel right now and saying the word work in the same sentence as it just doesn't feel right because it's like this is my form of play.  Like this is what I love to do and right now it's coming very naturally.  But anything that you are questioning whether or not you want to engage in, the reason, the reason is up to you, but the feeling you get from that thing is your answer to whether or not it's meant to be with you because if it's something that sticks right in a good way where you feel really energized after you do it.  I feel really energized after I talk and post these. It gives me energy because I'm just letting the frequency stream through me whatever wants to be said, whatever needs to be shared.  And so right now I'm sharing about my experiences so that you can get a baseline for your own experiences for what is possible for you.  So when I'm writing, I lose time. I lose all sense of time. All of that goes away. I am fully in this theme that I'm writing. There's no activity in my mind pulling me away from what I'm doing because I'm so immersed in it.  The same is when I'm talking, the same is when I'm drawing or creating ardor or just listening to music. I'm so immersed in that thing that everything else just falls away. It's like you literally can feel the past fall. You can feel the future fall. You feel it fall away.  And you are just here now, creating. And that is what humans are meant for. Truly.  And they are meant to create from love. When you create from love, you are engaging your heart. You're also usually engaging your mind in some way.  So it's the heart in the mind at one time in coherence, creating. And that access. You're giving access to something beyond your mind's understanding when you do that.  The energy, the life force that is within you, you're allowing it to rise and to create through you. And that is the most powerful magnetic thing you can do.  So it doesn't matter what container you're doing that in, whether you're doing it as speaking, if speaking really excites you, watching other people speak really excites you, if speaking comes easily to you.  And you start making videos, making content, posting them, sharing them from your heart from love. Then that is going to be rewarding for you in eight weeks.  Nothing you do should be from a place of what, what do I get?  Doing it, creating it is what you get. And then the more that you are that, the more that it is just embodied in you, the more you will receive on the outside.  But really there's no outside. Life is you. This whole thing. All of it is you.  You're aware of this, right? You're aware of life around you. You're aware of you.  Great. You're part of everything. You're a reflection of life. When you breathe in and then breathe out, it is a relationship you have with the trees with oxygen, right?  In carbon dioxide, everything is relationship. From what point, when you breathe in and breathe out, where does that breath end? Where does it actually end?  This is reminding you of something. I wouldn't be saying it otherwise. Where does that end? Where is the stopping point of that breath?  When you're coming back and leaving you coming back and where is the actual endpoint? You don't know, right?  It's the same as time. This moment into the next moment, into the next moment, into the next moment. You can't mark an end point. Can you? Can you? No. Humans use measurement, but that doesn't mean anything.  Unless you make it mean something with your mind, but that's an idea. You do the same thing to yourself. You apply ideas to yourself.  You try to measure yourself, your own worth. You cannot measure it. It is immeasurable. It is everything that's infinite. You are worth is innate. It is infinite all around you.  If you're watching this, you would never devalue another human being. If you're still receiving this, you have a clear, open heart. You would never devalue another human being. You would never deny another human being's potential.  So don't do that to you. You are not the exception. You are all of this. The only reason you're even watching and listening to this video is because you know that and you feel it.  And this is activating you on purpose so that you can remember more of who you came here to be. Because as one remembers, it is like a neural network in a brain.  And in that neural network, the neurons can send signals to each other. And so if one neuron has a message, it sends it to another neuron. But they're all in the same brain. The brain holds them. They're all held. They're all loved. They're all doing things perfectly. One neuron is not better than another neuron. That's impossible. Do you see?  You deserve to see. You deserve to see yourself and to be yourself and to create. It is still rewarding and atleast. When I write, it's like I'm like entering a completely new world. Like I see the scenes in my mind's eye. But it feels like I'm in it.  And it feels like I am the characters. And it feels like I'm speaking as them. And I know what happens next because sometimes there's a certain level of removal.  And I'll be able to see in my mind's eye where the scene is meant to go. And they're vivid images. It's beautiful. It's like I'm in a movie that I wanted to watch my whole life. And I'm watching the movie and I'm seeing it all happen. And it's like, oh my god, this is really good.  And then it'll take me somewhere new that I didn't know I was going before. And then, but I'll be writing it. And as I'm writing it, that writing is also feeding back into like my mind's eye. It's like, oh, now it needs to go to this. But it's like the whole time. My brain is receiving the images. I'm not making it. I'm not forcing the images there. My brain is receiving them from somewhere. I don't know.  We don't know where imagination comes from. We don't know. But as I'm seeing it, my heart is like also awake. And so I'm writing and my intention is through my heart. And so everything that happens, I know has to be loving. And so even when there's conflict, obviously in a book that's the entire thread that holds it together is tension, conflict, dynamics changing.  And so there's a lot of that. But the through line is always love. And so everything that I'm writing, it's like I'm pulling from my heart. I'm pulling out all of the stuff, all of the alchemy. And it's like going into this thing into this portal that I'm writing. This book, this story. And it's like so alive. Whatever you're doing should make you feel alive.  Your innate natural state is already perfect. It's already holy, it's already complete. You cannot lose any true part of yourself because you're always here.  Everything you've gone through in your human journey has been to get you here to this level of awareness where you can feel and here and understand messages like this that remind you how powerful and miraculous you are.  And this is your mind, you have autonomy. This is not about control. It's not about forcing things. It's about choosing without attachment, choosing just what feels good right now and then creating from that place. It's innate, it's natural. Nothing about it is artificial.  And you are capable. You just came through today to remind you, you're still capable. No matter what choices you've made, recently and the past, it doesn't matter the past, it's memory, it's history, it's not real. You're right here now. So be here now.