# Transcription for Video 7556328609019923742
Title: Origin story of VK - Russia's biggest social network - clip from Lex ...
Timestamp: 2025-10-22T17:33:29.818165
==================================================

When I got into the same period of state university, it was quite boring just to study because  it was too easy. So I thought, what can I do there? I created a website for the students of my  faculty first. I organized the creation of digital answers to all exams and digitalised  version of all lectures, which was something very unique back then. Remember, it was 25 years ago.  I would put together a website where I would publish all this materials and pretty soon it became  super popular. I opened a discussion forum there. In a few years, I expanded to the university  with all of its other departments and then to other universities, we ended up having tens of thousands  of users, just as a student's portal. We had all kinds of social features there, friends,  lists, photo albums, profiles, blogs, all of it. It was quite successful and after a graduate  at the university, one of my classmates from the school, which out to me, after reading about  my successes in a newspaper, the main business newspaper, and he asked me, are you trying to build  a Russian Facebook? I said, I'm not sure. It was Facebook. So we met here, since he graduated  in American University two years before that, it showed me Facebook. I thought, well, I can already  have all this technology, but it's valuable to know which elements I should get rid of,  in order to scale this thing and have millions of users. This is also something people  appreciate that sometimes, in order to move forward, I have more success, you have to  get rid of things, including technology, getting rid of features is super important.  Simplify both for scaling and for making it, amenable to just grow in the user base for people  get it immediately. That's, otherwise, it's just too complicated for the new user. The existing  users would be happy, they would be praising you, they would be asking you to add more stuff to  make it even more complicated, so it's easy to lose track and get disoriented.  If you're only relying on the feedback of existing users,  to as a result, I started the website called V contact or VK. It means in touch in Russian.  Initially to solve my own personal problem, I graduated the university the same year  and I wanted to be in touch with my ex-classments from the university and the other fellow students.  Of course, as a 20 year old, I wanted to meet other people, including good-looking girls,  so I started to build it from scratch. For that one, I thought I'm not going to use any third-party  libraries, modules, because I want to make it as efficient as possible. I was obsessing over  every line of code. But then how do you start something that large? I didn't have any  prior experience of creating a project of the scale, which would involve everything.  Before I would reuse some existing solutions, here I wanted to build from scratch, so I  called my brother. He was a positive student in Germany at the time in the Max Planck University  and asked him, what should I start from? He told me, he just built a module to authorize users.  He's not just to log in, not even to sign out, just to log in.  Because you can prepopulate the database with credentials and emails and passwords. It doesn't  really matter, but once you see that you can type in your password and email, and you're in,  and it tells you how low you're using your name, then you will have a clear understanding where  to go from there. Yeah, I mean, that's true. That's one of the best advice I've ever got in my  work perfectly, by the way. I started to build it and before I knew it, I would have  there on the website, photo albums, private messages, this guest book we used to call the wall  back on IKEA, and I guess in the early days of Facebook, we'd end up building something even  more sophisticated than Facebook at the time with more features. I had a girlfriend at the time,  as we need to somehow come up with a database of all Russian schools and universities and  their departments and subdivisions. Should you the great job trying to source all this information  online or sometimes writing emails to a university saying, which departments you have exactly  at this point? We need to know, or reaching out to the department of education,  but in Russia and then in Ukraine and then eventually in Belarus and in Kazakhstan and other countries  were VK ended up to be the largest and most popular social network. So we did a few things that were  quite unique at the time. And for the first,  almost a year, I was a single employee of the company. I was the back-end engineer, the front-end  engineer, the designer, I was the customer support officer. I was the marketing guy as well,  coming up with older wardings and announcements, coming up with competitions to promote  VK, which worked quite well. That was an incredible experience that  gave me knowledge of every aspect of a social networking platform, also understanding  of how much a single person can do. Exactly. It's one of the reasons why I'd like to think  I'm an efficient project manager. And product manager inside Telegram because I will not  take anything but ambitious deadlines from my team members. If somebody  gives me, oh, I need three weeks to do that. I always reply, oh, I build the first version of VK  in just two weeks, why would you need three weeks? It seems like something you could  make real in the three days. Three weeks, what are going to do the rest of the three weeks  apart from the three days? And the team knows me. And that's why we are able today,  telling them to move at a very good pace of innovation every month. We're pushing  several meaningful features. I think out competing everybody else in this industry,  in terms of what you can do within the short time frame. So yes, that experience was  invaluable.